I listen to the games on a Saturday afternoon and iron the sheets.
Very good for ironing bed linen is a good rugby match, especially with a good commentator.
My husband and my father had one, two, three, four, five, so possibly with four other mates,
followed the matches, went to Cardiff, went to Scotland.
I can't remember if they went to Ireland.
They certainly watched the English match.
Golden Age Welsh rugby, and what I remember is a member of the French team, a big, born Frenchman.
But our lot were better than them.
Yes, so I followed the rugby very closely.
My son used to go down to my parents' home, Gwynfrin Village, a triangle of lanes.
We lived on the back of the triangle, my husband and I and the children.
My mother-in-law lived on the top side of the triangle, and my mother and father lived on the lower side of the triangle.
Nobody could see each other's front or back doors.
Weren't we lucky?
Yes, so my son used to go down the lane to my dad's, and they would watch the rugby together.
I remember he was very young at the time, was my lad, and coming home one day and saying,
It was a very good game, and the man kept talking to us all the time, saying, Gareth, Edward, Gareth, Edward!